"When someone's become famous why would you need a map to find them? It sounds like there's some confusion over an authentic phrase. But don't worry Rob is here to show Feifei and you, the way and you won't need a map!"
"Feifei has arrived looking a mess and a little bit smelly! Where has she been? Neil tells her she has a wasted trip because she's taken a piece of authentic English too literally. Listen to the programme to find out where she's been and why."
"Rob keeps saying 'excuse me' but does he mean the same thing every time? Find out how these two English words 'excuse me' can have many different meanings and see how many examples Feifei can listen to before she has to make her excuses and go!"
"Rob has a new hobby that involves the risk of getting stung, which fills Feifei with fear. But 'the sting in the tail' with this new activity has nothing to do with the insects. Find out what this phrase really means."
"Poor old Neil is incredibly bored with the report he's writing. He uses the phrase 'so done with' to describe how he feels. Learn how to use this handy phrase correctly in the programme."
"You might know the slang expression 'LOL', but do you know about its close relation, 'lolz'? To help you learn this expression Neil has dyed his hair bright pink especially! Lucky you"
"Feifei is being very critical of Neil’s appearance. Why is she being so unfriendly? Learn why and pick up a useful expression to talk about criticism in our programme"
"The word 'about' is very familiar. But there's an unexpected way to use it in spoken English. Join Feifei and Neil to learn this expression, and find out exactly who the mysterious 'Mark' is! "
"Neil and Feifei are about to present the programme, but Helen has misplaced her script! Will she manage to say something on air?"
"When you haven't chosen a piece of authentic English to explain what do you do? Listen to this programme and see if there's a phrase about taking a chance and hoping things will turn out OK."
"Why does Feifei keep hitting Rob? There could be some confusion about the meaning of today's authentic English phrase. Find out what Rob really means when he says 'it beats me'."
"Here's an odd English phrase that Neil is about to test out on Feifei – will she spot his trickery? Listen to The English We Speak to find out - and learn more about this old fashioned expression."
"If you do something left, right, and centre does that mean you do it everywhere? Rob's being doing just that but what's he been doing it with? Neil has an explanation in this episode of The English We Speak."
"Why has Rob got a donkey in the studio?! It's probably got something with today's authentic English phrase which is about not doing something for a long time. How long will it take for Feifei to work out what it means?"
"Rob wants Feifei to give him a bell. Why does he want one and how is Feifei going to carry it? Or is this another example of confusing authentic real English? Listen to the programme to find out what he really means."
"There's an echo in the studio today. Everything Neil and Feifei say is repeated... repeated... repeated... repeated... It's to teach an expression for when people only hear opinions they agree with. "
"Neil thinks Feifei's a snowflake but it's not a compliment. In The English We Speak, learn a very modern use of an old word which refers to people who get upset if you challenge their opinions."
"Neil's wondering why Feifei's dressed for the beach to record this week's programme. And why are the BBC's fashion police waiting around the corner? Learn an expression which you can use to say you're under pressure in this edition ofThe English We Speak."
"Rob's weekend has been wet, even though it hasn't rained! What's happened? Feifei's about to find out and learn a new authentic English expression!"
"On a warm summer's day, there's nothing better than taking a picnic to the park. But when can a picnic be no picnic? When Rob makes it! Find out what we mean when he serves up an authentic English phrase in this programme."
"When you go on holiday to do the work you do at home, there's a phrase to describe this. It's what Neil's decided to do this but as Rob and Feifei realise his holiday could turn out to be quite relaxing. Find out why and learn this new phrasein The English We Speak."
"Rob's in for a shock. He may think he's 21 but some of his attitudes make him seem much older – and Feifei has the right expression to describe him! Listen to the programme to find out what it is!"
"Rob's not impressed with a new cafe that's opened near the office. Feifei thinks he's just not happy with the quality of the milkshakes but as you'll hear, there's something else about the place he's not happy with. Learn a great new expression in The English We Speak."
"Neil and Feifei want to find out about Rob’s new job. But he’s saying absolutely nothing about it. Learn how we can express the idea of ‘absolutely nothing’ with the help of a sausage."
"Feifei is ironing a huge pile of clothes before she goes on holiday. But Neil thinks this is ‘long’. Learn a useful expression to describe boring jobs in the programme."
"Feifei loves darts. Neil loves pizza. But what does it mean if you say you ‘don’t half’ love something? Learn this useful expression in the programme."
"Feifei has gone missing and Neil goes looking for her. Why does he use a phrase about shops? Learn an everyday English slang expression."
"Sometimes there are things you have to expect in a certain situation or position and there's a phrase to describe this. Find out in this programme as Neil does some daydreaming and Feifei gives him a reality check!"
"When an idea is unconvincing and won't work, why do you need washing powder?! The answer is you don't – but there is a washing-related phrase you can use. But Feifei has still brought some to the studio for this programme. Will she need it? Listen to The English We Speak to find out."
"Neil's looking for a phrase that best describes him but Feifei knows one that is nowhere near – it involves the name <strong>Jack</strong> and describes someone who has many skills. Listen to this programme to find out what it is and whether Neil is anywhere close to being one!"
"Neil and Feifei are up to mischief – they want to break the rules but to get away with it, they mustn't be seen! Neil has a phrase for this situation that needs explaining. Find out more in this programme."
"Neil has just bought a fancy new phone from a man on the street. But when it stops working, Feifei is thinks the phone seller has pulled a fast one. What does this mean?"
"Neil has been offered a dream job at a sweet factory. But he’s not convinced he’ll enjoy it. In this programme we learn a phrase about experiencing new things."
"Feifei thinks Rob's been to the dentist to find today's authentic English phrase – but he's been for a more painful reason! However he does have a phrase that involves teeth but doesn't involve a trip to the dentist. Listen to the programme to find out more."
"Nobody likes inflation – when prices go up - but what about 'shrinkflation'? Rob becomes a victim of this when he shares a packet of crisps with Feifei. Find out what this new word means and how it affects the things we buy."
"La-la land is sometimes used as the informal name for Los Angeles but 'la-'la land' has another meaning which Rob explains in this programme and discovers that this is somewhere Feifei might be heading to!"
"There's a funny smell in the studio – what can it be? Rob has brought in something to illustrate today's authentic English phrase - which Feifei puts to good use when she insults Rob's cooking!"
"Rob says if he had the money he'd go to Australia at the drop of hat. Always thoughtful, Feifei offers Rob her hat - but she soon discovers her hat won't even get him to the airport! Find out why in this programme."
"If you have a neck made of brass how does it make you behave? Feifei discovers an expression about being confident that shouldn't be taken literally!"
"Is Neil wasting time thinking of ideas for today's programme? Feifei thinks he's writing the same old thing - but what's writing got to do with reinventing a wheel? All will be revealed in this programme – if Neil finishes writing it!"
"Do you have a false friend? In The English We Speak we get to hear how one of Feifei's best friends isn't a friend at all and discover that there's a great word to describe them."
"Life isn't always fair. But when having an interesting discussion with someone, it's often a good idea to explore both sides of the argument. Learn a phrase to help you do just that."
"Neil and Feifei are moving house and they're surrounded by cardboard boxes. Feifei has had enough of packing. So when Neil makes a suggestion involving another 'box', Feifei isn't happy!"
"Hello, duck! Neil and Feifei bring you some unusual ways of greeting people, all of which are related to animals. Don't worry, they're all friendly ways to say hello!"
"Feifei has to give a big presentation at work, and she's feeling a bit nervous. She plans to deal with her fear by slowing down and drinking water… but this doesn't help. Learn a phrase involving bottles that describes when you're too afraid to do something."
"What is Feifei up to? She's planning something but Rob thinks he's got her number. Does this mean her telephone number or something else? All will become clear in this programme."
"Feifei is worried – Rob went for an interview and got a slap in the face. Is he OK? Luckily it's just another English expression he's using and the only thing that's hurt is his pride!"
"Bait is what you use to attract and catch something, such as a fish. But what's clickbait? Join Neil and Feifei on a beautiful English riverbank to learn about this word that describes tempting online links."
"What happens when we take two already made things and combine them to make something new? Dan and Feifei will clue you in!"
"When is a kiss not a kiss? Neil and Feifei explain a certain type of greeting and farewell which is like a kiss but doesn't involve touching lips!"
"Neil is explaining in detail to Feifei how to do her own job. Learn a new word to describe when a man explains to a woman something in a way which suggests she's stupid."
"Neil is rolling around on the studio floor in order to teach an expression connected to wealth. Feifei's there to explain why."
"Feifei is excited because she managed to get a picture taken with a famous film star at the weekend! Unfortunately someone has jumped in the photo and ruined it!"
"Feifei has a headache and is convinced that something terrible is wrong with her. But is the medical advice on the internet helping her find out what's wrong – or is it making her feel worse?"
"Are Rob's neighbours discussing personal issues in the garden where everyone can hear? Luckily Feifei is about to help clear up some confusion about a phrase that describes what they're allegedly doing."
"Feifei's unusually quiet today – maybe it's got something to do with the cat that Rob has brought into the office? But what has the cat's tongue got to do with it - or is there just some confusion about another English expression?"
"Neil's doing a partner dance on his own in the studio to help you learn English. Learn an expression which means two people need to accept the blame for a bad situation."
"Neil's performing medical experiments on Feifei. Why's he hitting her with a hammer? To teach you a useful English expression!"
"Neil and Feifei are sharpening an axe in the studio. Why? To teach you a useful expression which has several, slightly different meanings."
"It's illegal to smoke inside the BBC, but Neil risks his job to teach you an English expression. Can Feifei guess what it is?"
"Neil's brought a goat into the studio to help teach an English expression. This has really annoyed Feifei."
"Neil's wearing a vest, shorts and sweatbands in the recording studio. It's because he's in training for a marathon - but he has less than a month to prepare. He uses an expression that means 'to make a great effort'."
"Sian is amused because Feifei is looking for a stamp to post her letter. Why doesn't she just send an email? In this programme you'll learn an adjectivethat describes people or things that seem old-fashioned."
"Sian is running late for the show, because she has just got back from her summer holiday to find hundreds of emails in her inbox. She has a strange expression about 'sheds' to emphasise this huge number. Find out what it is in the programme."
"When Feifei arrives at the studio, she realises that Sian is not in a very good mood! What is wrong with her? Maybe she just needs something to eat - quickly! There is a word to describe this combination of anger and hunger. Find out what it is in the programme."
"Feifei has a nice surprise for Rob - tickets to see their favourite singer. It's an unexpected surprise but where did she get them from? Rob uses an expression which leads to some confusion. Maybe this programme will pull an explanation out of the hat?!"
"Sian did a 10K run with some young runners and they were gone in a flash, leaving Sian slowly crawling behind. There is an alternative expression for 'very quickly'. Find out in the programme and learn the different uses of the phrase."
"When Neil arrives in the studio to present the programme, Feifei is already there. She's not in a very good mood and keeps repeating the same thing. What's wrong with Feifei? Listen to the programme to find out."
"Rob's making some bold claims that Feifei can't taking seriously. Has he really got some good news or is he just telling outrageous lies? Luckily Feifei has a phrase that can describe his actions. Learn all about it in this programme."
"Rob is making a big fuss about not finishing the script for this programme but Feifei has some words of wisdom that involves mountains and moles. What's going to happen if he doesn't complete his work? Find out in this programme and learn a new phrase about making a big issue about something small."
"Something as light and harmless as a single straw could break something as solid as friendship? Well, it can happen. Listen to the programme to find out what the phrase mean."
"Feifei is stressed about her exams so Rob has some words of wisdom for her. Apparently he learnt them at a university that Feifei has never heard of. Find out where this University of Life is and what you can learn there."
"Callum and Feifei explain colour expressions that describe different types of jobs and professions. What kind of colour would Feifei like her job to be described as? Listen to the programme to find out."
"Feifei is in the studio and Callum is nowhere to be seen. The clock is ticking. Where is he? There he is, with a shopping bag. Oh dear, he's been shopping without a care in the world. Feifei is very angry but… will her anger last? Listen to the programme to find out."
"Rob and Feifei are playing cards and he is winning every single game. She's distracted - until Neil tells her what's on the cards!"
"What's making Rob so angry? He's been shouting at someone but they're not listening to him. It's time to learn a phrase about the colour of his face."
"Why is Feifei doing so much cleaning? Has it got something to do with what her boss said?<br />Luckily Rob can offer some useful advice and it doesn't involve using a cleaning cloth!<br />Listen in to learn a new phrase about improving behaviour and performance."
"Feifei claims she has walked up Mount Everest... But Rob is suspicious and accuses her of pulling his leg. How is Rob's legrelated toher amazing achievement? Is Feifei really telling the truth? All is revealed in this episode of The English We Speak."
"Rob has kindly offered Feifei a lift home from the station but as he turns the final corner into her street, he asks for something in return. What's the phrase he uses and has it got anything to do with driving around corners? Listen and find out what it is."
"Feifei's hoping to set up her own business making and selling cakes but Rob is doubtful it will be successful. He uses an athletic metaphor that means she will fail at the start. Listen in to find out if the metaphor comes true!"
"Helen is finding her mobile phone company a nightmare to deal with. Neil uses an expression to describe her feeling and comes up with a suggestion. "
"Rob is worried because one of his friends has a problem with saving money because he has an urge to spend it all on pay day. Li has come up with the perfect phrase to describe these type of people. Listen and find out what it is. "
"Helen has lost her precious earring. In a panic, she's searching everywhere for it. Neil is worried about the mess she's creating and tries to help. "
"Neil and Feifei catch a train in order to teach a useful expression often heard in the office environment. Going backwards makes Feifei feel sick but luckily this expression is all about going forward. "
"Feifei's cooking a special cake for Helen's birthday but Rob thinks she might have the wrong recipe. What does he mean and how can Feifei turn the cake from a disaster to a success?"
"Helen is looking for an adventure holiday in a faraway country, one thing worries her is the language, how can she learn the basics within a short time? Neil has an idea."
"Helen has just returned from her dream holiday and she's feeling fabulous. What about Finn, is he tempted to go on a break too? Will he get the special offer in time?"
"Something has put Finn in a good mood but what has that got to do with spring when it is still winter? Rob explains a seasonal idiom to Feifei that compares the feeling of spring with someone's mood – but how long will Finn have this feeling for? Listen to the programme to find out."
"Rob and Feifei have been to a wedding. Feifei hopes Tim, the groom, might change his bad habits now that he's married but Rob thinks he's like a leopard. What is it about this wild animal that can be compared with Tim's behaviour? Listen to the programme to find out."
"Two of Finn and Feifei’s colleagues are having an argument. Finn asked Feifei who started the argument. Which expression did Feifei use in her answer? What does her expression mean?"
"Neil is excited about launching his new website but he said that he needs to 'test the water' first. Li is confused about why he needs water for his new website. What does Neil mean? Listen and find out."
"Has Neil won the London marathon? Or has he just been to the cinema? Who can you trust? It seems that someone's been giving false information... Learn a useful phrase about lying in the programme."
"Rob's been asked to dress up like a monkey but it seems like someone is literally making a monkey out of him! What does that mean and why is someone foolish compared to a monkey? Luckily Li has some words of wisdom that makes Rob feel better."
"Helen has been nominated for an important role on the Parents Association, but she’s having nightmares about it. Neil comes up with a plan and tells her to drop it before it becomes ‘a hot potato’."
"Rob is taken aback by the mess in the studio and asks Li why she has emptied all her stuff from her handbag onto the floor. Li replies, 'there's method to my madness'. What does she mean? Listen and find out.<strong></strong>"
"Neil's made a great saving by going to a car boot sale and stocking up on all his kids' presents for next year! Let's hope they don't find out! He also picked up an old coin which looked almost new but did he get a bargain? Listen out for the phrase he uses to mean it's in good condition."
"Neil and Li are talking about the Christmas presents they received. Li describes her presents as 'cheap and cheerful' whereas the smart watch Neil's wife bought him is 'cheap and nasty'. What do they mean?"
"Helen's not happy about a decision that's been made and Rob tries to offer some sympathy with a strange idiom that involves swallowing something that doesn't taste very nice. Find out what he means in the programme.<strong><br /></strong>"
"You may have heard of the word ‘potty’, especially if there are babies around. But do you know what makes Neil ‘go potty’? Find out in the programme."
"Neil is dying for a game of squash after work and he is going to ask Li if she is up for it. Do you think Li is game? Listen and find out."
"Feifei’s friend told her a shot of liquor would put hairs on her chest. She did not understand what the expression meant so she has brought the question to this programme. Listen to find out how Rob explained it."
"Finnarriveslatefor the studio recording. When he finally arrives, why does Li say that a woman from the marketing department fancies him?"
"When things are not going as planned, we can say they've gone 'down the pan', but which pan is it? Find out from Neil."
"Helen bumped into one of Neil's old colleagues who's still doing the same job after a long time. Find out how Neil uses the word 'furniture' to talk about spending too long in one place."
"Finn is suffering from a bad toothache again and he is blaming his mother. But Li says Finn should blame the British culture of eating sweets snacks. What are they talking about?"
"Helen and Rob returned from their holidays respectively. Rob had a great time, but Helen's break didn't go smoothly, what was the problem? Listen to the programme to find out."
"Feifei and Finn chat about a party they went to last night. Finn had a very good-looking woman with him and everybody was curious. Was she his girlfriend? Listen to the programme to find out."
"Feifei and Finn are going to present a programme – but before they begin, Feifei wants Finn to pass her the… thingy. What does she mean? Listen to the programme to find out."
"Feifei and Neil are in the park talking about places they enjoyed visiting. She likes the park and he… well, he loves going to the other side of the pond. But can they reach the other side easily?"
"Feifei and Neil have a programme to present but it hasn't run smoothly because everybody wants to thank Neil. Listen to the programme to find out why. Listen to the programme to find out why."
"Neil shows up with a very sophisticated mobile phone and he plays a joke on Feifei. He said it was 'a steal' will he be arrested? Listen to the programme to find out."
"Neil is obsessed with the value of shares on the stock market. He tells Li how the ups and downs can be compared to the behaviour of two big animals."
"Li is annoyed because there are people who only post negative comments on her social media profiles. Neil tells her to ignore the 'trolls' and 'haters' – are these the new creatures of the internet era?"
"Rob's got a second job but Feifei doesn't think he's good at it. What can she say to gently suggest he shouldn't do it? Find out the authentic English to use in this programme."
"Rob's got a phrase to explain that he thinks applies to him but Feifei has another use for it. Join them in this programme to hear another English phrase in use."
"Rob is going on holiday to a place where Helen grew up. He is asking Helen for help, because he thinks she knows it like the back of her hand. What does he mean? Listen to the programme to find out."
"Neil is reluctant to present a video called The Perfect English Gentleman. He told his boss that he has a face for radio. What does he mean? Listen to the programme to find out."
"Li offers to buy Rob something using her credit card - but Rob's looking for another type of credit. What can it be? Join them in this programme to hear another English phrase in use."
"Rob's run out of money and there's someone at the door. Li thinks her life is in danger until she realises Rob's used another example of authentic real English! Listen to the programme to find out what it is and see if you can apply it to your life."
"Rob and Feifei are discussing a new way of working in modern offices. What does the phrase'hot desk' mean? And why do big organisations choose to hot-desk? Listen to the dialogue."
"Helen and Neil are in the studio whenHelen's phone rings. But when she picks up there's no sound. What's gone wrong? Find out and learn a useful phrase in the programme."
"Rob and Feifei go out shopping. She has lots of money but Rob doesn't. Why is Rob so poor? Will Feifei realise the reason why? Listen to the programme to find out. "
"Rob is annoyed. He has spent hours filling in forms for his small house extension. Can Feifei help him? Listen to the programme to find out."
"Li loves clothes and fashion – but is Neil calling her fat? Find out more in the programme when Neil and Li talk about smalls and undies."
"Neil and Li go to a bar to celebrate her promotion. Neil goes to the counter to fetch the drinks and brings them to their table but he can't find Li. Where has she gone? Find out more in the programme."
"Rob has a lot to do to satisfy his boss and his family. Feifei feels sorry for him and allows him to take some 'me time' in the studio. What will Rob do? Find out more in the programme."
"Rob and Feifei talk about an expression from this age of digital communication. It describes negative behaviour using electronic devices. Find out more in the programme."
"Rob and Feifei take to the road to learn a new phrase. Rob sits in the back to demonstrate the phrase but Feifei soon realises you don't need a car to use this expression. Get your seatbelt on and join them in Authentic Real English."
"Feifei doubts Rob's claim that they're getting a big pay rise but Rob uses a phrasethat means he has written proof. Learn this new phrase -and discover if he has actually used it properly!"
"Rob has bumped into someone and got himself into a sticky situation. What can this mean and can Feifei help him get un-stuck? Listen to this programme and learn a new expression about a difficult, awkward or sensitive situation."
"Rob is nearly knocked off his bike but he describes his near miss with an expression that confuses Feifei. What has shaving got to do with it? Find out in the programme."
"Rob asked Feifei to meet him in the studio. But what was it for? Find out in the programme."
"Neil is shopping for a new bed but when he tells Feifei he'll 'sleep on it' she seems surprised. Find out how sleeping on something doesn't just mean lying on a bed!"
"Neil can't find his script. His pen's gone missing. He's feeling a bit confused. What's wrong with him? Find out in the programme."
"Feifei wants to borrow Rob's car but she takes a long time getting to the point. Find out why Rob tells her not to go around the houses. And why doesn't Rob want her to drive his car?"
"Helen was only given a short time to look for a new home, has it all gone well? Has she really got the keys? Find out in the programme."
"Helen is stressed about her exams but Rob has some friendly advice that could help her calm down and relax. Learn a new phrase that could help you in times of stress."
"Helen asks Rob to fix her toaster. But he finds something unusual in it! Find out what socks have to do with keeping quiet."
"Who's the wild card in the office? Rob and Feifei use a phrase to describe an unpredictable colleague"
"When can there be a stab in the dark without a knife?Rob explains toFeifei that a phrase used to describe what's happened to a missing work colleague, has nothing to do with murder."
"Li and Neil go for a coffee, but why do they have to keep a lid on it?"
"Why did Rob say that he was not really 'on the ball' this morning?"
"Learn a phrase to describe amazing things while Feifei and Harry discuss the most amazing place Harry has evertravelled to."
"Neil shares his weekend experience with Li and shows her how a boxing expression can be used to describe his kids. "
"Feifei and Harry discuss a new purchase that has revolutionised Harry's life."
"Harry and Feifei use an expression for when you are surprised and impressed (or not) to talk about rented accommodation in London."
"Harry and Feifei talk about a colloquial expression popular with young people for when things or people are very intense."
"Harry and Feifei talk about a violent sounding expression that actually means a friend has said something against you."
"Neil and Feifei discuss a verb usually applied to businesses but is also used in a personal context. Listen to the programme to learn how it’s used now."
"Neil and Feifei discuss movie genres. Do you like romantic stories which are funny? What about a detective story in which you can try to be Sherlock Holmes? And don’t forget the futuristic movies – the ones with sophisticated robots and space travel. Grab the popcorn and listen to the programme."
"Neil's turned up late so Helen smashes up a clock. Why? Neil and Helen discuss a useful expression for when you have spare time you need to waste."
"Feifei and Rob are really looking forward to the Christmas break. But the boss wanted them to work on Christmas Day. Rob told the boss that agreeing to work on Christmas Day would be like turkeys voting for Christmas. Like turkeys voting for Christmas? What does this all mean? Listen and find out."
"Neil's forgotten to book a band for the recording of a BBC Learning English drama performance. His boss is expecting to be entertained. Now Neil has to face the music. Listen to the programme to find out what it means."
"Rob and Li teach you words and phrases used when you work with computers. Listen to the programme to find out more."
"Li is proud of her cat video. She thinks her pet Fluffy is sweet and cute. But does Rob agree with her? Listen to the programme to find out."
"Feifei thinks she has a solution to her former friend Lisa's cold shoulder. But Rob wonders if Feifei's expensive designer shawl will warm Lisa's heart. Listen to the programme to find out more."
"Rob and Feifei are in the office. He's been busy deleting some emails. Feifei is curious to know what they are. Listen to the programme to find out."
"Rob's bought a new washing machine and instead of cleaning his best shirt, it has actually made it dirtier. He's very angry and wants to sue the company that made the machine. He meets Helen in a laundrette and she has some advice for him. Listen to the programme to find out what it is."
"Rob is training for a pie-eating competition. He has asked Feifei to bet on his victory. Will he be able to eat ten pies in a few minutes? Listen to the programme to find out."
"Feifei is upset because her mother-in-law is always criticising her. She goes to the park with Finn, who gives her some good advice. Listen to the programme to find out what this is."
"Li is about to invest in a company which develops cars fuelled by air. Rob is suspicious and warns her not togo ahead withthis business venture. Will she take Rob's advice? Listen to the programme to find out."
"Feifei loves taking care of babies and is considering becoming a babysitter. Finn reminds her about all the good things she does in her current job, and tells her not to change career. Does he convince her? And who will end up holding the baby? Listen to the programme to find out. "
"Finn's reading about a someone who sells shoes to Joe Bloggs. He sold so many that he's a millionaire. But can you really make so much money selling to just <em>one</em> person? And who is Joe Bloggs? Listen to the programme to find out who this mysterious guy is."
"Feifei needs to be nice to her landlady to stop her putting up the rent. Finn suggests that Feifei butters her up. But what does that mean? Listen to the programme to find out."
"Finn wants to buy a sports car. But has he thought it through? Will he end up spending more money than he can afford? Listen to the programme to find out."
"Rob challenges Helen to a word game to work out a funny-sounding phrase. The phrase is about a style of walking in which someone is forced to move forward. But what has it got to do with frogs?"
"Feifei doesn't like Rob's cooking. But Rob wants Feifei to try his dumplings and promises 'the proof is in the pudding'. What does he mean?"